h1. What?

Use uberjs to imitate classes in JavaScript.

h1. Methods

h2. .subclass

@.subclass(classConfig)@

*classConfig* - {Object} - An object with any properties the subclass should have

*If .constructor is provided, it will be used, if not, a default constructor will be provided*

h2. .subclasses

@.subclasses(constructor)@

*constructor* - {Function} - A constructor for a class that you would like the context Class to inherit from

h2. Function.klass

@Function.klass(classConfig)@

*classConfig - Same as with .subclass

Creates a new class from a config

h2. .uber

@.uber(arguments,[arg1,arg2]);@

*arguments* - {Arguments} - Takes the magic arguments object
*[]* - An *optional* array of arguments to call the uber method with.

*If the second argument is not used, the same arguments as the sub method was called with will be passed to the super method*


h2. .getUber

@.getUber(arguments)@

Get a reference to the uber method

h1. Get started

Include uber.js

Create a class in plain JavaScript
<pre>
<code>

// Create a 'class' using plain JavaScript
var Widget = function (id) {
	this.id = id;
};
Widget.prototype = {
	set : function (value) {
		this.value = value;
	},
	get : function () {
		return this.value;
	},
	toString : function () {
		return 'Widget: ' + this.id;
	}
};

// Or create a 'class' using the .klass shortcut
var Widget = Function.klass({
	constructor : function (id) {
		this.id = id;
	},
	set : function (value) {
		this.value = value;
	},
	get : function () {
		return this.value;
	},
	toString : function () {
		return 'Widget: ' + this.id;
	}
});

// make a subclass with .subclass
var ValidatingWidget = Widget.subclass({
	validator : function () {
		throw new Error('must be overridden');
	},
	set : function (value) {
		if (this.validator(value)) {
			// call the overridden method with this.uber(arguments);
			this.uber(arguments);
		} else {
			throw new Error('validation failed');
		}
	}
});

// .subclass works on subclasses
var NumberWidget = ValidatingWidget.subclass({
	validator : function (value) {
		// must be a number and not Not a Number
		return typeof value === 'number' && !isNaN(value);
	}
});

// You can set inheritance on an existing class using .subclasses
// how you create a class is not important
var StringWidget = function () {};
StringWidget.prototype.validator = function (value) {
	return typeof value === 'string';
};
// .subclasses takes a super class
StringWidget.subclasses(ValidatingWidget);

// this.uber can take a second optional array of arguments
var Person = Function.klass({
	setInfo : function (name,age) {
		this.name = name;
		this.age = age;
	}
});

// call the overridden method with name, age, instead of the arguments that this was called with
var Employee = Person.subclass({
	setInfo : function (title,name,age) {
		this.title = title;
		this.uber(arguments,[name,age]);
	}
});

// getUber can be used to get the overridden method
var Employee = Person.subclass({
	setInfo : function (title,name,age) {
		this.title = title;
		this.getUber(arguments).call(this,name,age);
	}
});

</code>
</pre>
